Update endpoints.adoc (#73)
mulesoft/docs-partner-manager: modules/ROOT/pages/endpoints.adoc

* xref:endpoint-https-send.adoc[HTTP and HTTPS Send Configuration]

// ====

== Delete Endpoints

> From either the Partner or Host page, you can delete any endpoints that are not used in message flow configurations.

Reviewer: GLOBALLY end a fragment or sentence that leads directly to a graphic, example, list, or step with a colon.
```suggestion
From either the Partner or Host page, you can delete any endpoints that are not used in message flow configurations:
```

Author: Fixed.

. From within your Anypoint Partner Manager Sandbox or Production environment, select Partner or <host partner name> from the upper left.

> . Search for the endpoint you want to delete by Name, Protocol, URL, or Description.

Reviewer: Lowercase these as common nouns (you are searching for a name or protocol, for example, and not the label Name or the label Protocol).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
. Search for the endpoint you want to delete by name, protocol, URL, or description.
```

Author: Fixed.

+

> You can perform a search from within _Endpoints: Receive from partners_, _Endpoints: Targets at <partner name>_ for the Host, or _Endpoints: Send to <partner name>_ for your partners.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can search from within _Endpoints: Receive from partners_, _Endpoints: Targets at <partner name>_ for the Host, or _Endpoints: Send to <partner name>_ for your partners.
```

Author: Fixed.

> . If you can’t remember what to search for, scan the list for any endpoints that don’t have a message flow associated with them. These are indicated by a 0 in the message flow column.

Reviewer: Limit steps to one sentence max next to the step number. Move other text below.
```suggestion
. If you can’t remember what to search for, scan the list for any endpoints that don’t have a message flow associated with them. 
These are indicated by a 0 in the message flow column.
```
This is a curious step. It is part of the step before it, but it IS a separate user action....
In any case, I am sure the audience will not be confused.

Author: It's a bad UI design, thus the steps are clunky.

> . Hover over the endpoint name with your mouse until you see the garbage can icon, click it and click *Delete*.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
. Hover over the endpoint name until you see the garbage can icon, click the icon, and then click *Delete*.
```

Author: Fixed.
